git.md, before:

# Show me what changed
# -C = detect renames, -M40 = consider a delete/add pair to be a rename if no more than 40% of file changed
`git diff -C -M40 <commit-hash>`

# Create git tag with a message
`git tag -a 1.1 -m "Release version 1.1 with changes to UI"`


# List all tags, with at most x lines of output (if annotated tag).
`git tag -nx`

# Eg, show all tags with at most 2 lines from tag message:
`git tag -n2`


# Git diff output linewrap
If using less as pager (the default?) type -S while viewing the diff to reenable line wrapping

# Show tracked files on whatever HEAD is pointing at
`git ls-tree -r HEAD --name-only`

# Submodules!
From [stackoverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1535524/git-submodule-inside-of-a-submodule-nested-submodules).
## Clone module which has submodules (possibly recursive)
`git clone --recursive`

## Ensure child submodules, using the commit specified by the parent module
`git submodule update --recursive`

## Ensure latest version of all child submodules
`git submodule update --remote`

Commit message:

Remove link to SO from Git submodule. Ad basic description of the git functionality/feature

git.md, after:

# Show me what changed
# -C = detect renames, -M40 = consider a delete/add pair to be a rename if no more than 40% of file changed
`git diff -C -M40 <commit-hash>`

# Create git tag with a message
`git tag -a 1.1 -m "Release version 1.1 with changes to UI"`


# List all tags, with at most x lines of output (if annotated tag).
`git tag -nx`

# Eg, show all tags with at most 2 lines from tag message:
`git tag -n2`


# Git diff output linewrap
If using less as pager (the default?) type -S while viewing the diff to reenable line wrapping

# Show tracked files on whatever HEAD is pointing at
`git ls-tree -r HEAD --name-only`

# Submodules!
Basically submodules let you have nested git repositories. Mainly useful if you want to keep a snapshot of another repository to read from. Not the best use case if you expect to be writing to the submodules a lot.

`man git-submodule`

## Clone module which has submodules (possibly recursive)
`git clone --recursive`

## Ensure child submodules, using the commit specified by the parent module
`git submodule update --recursive`

## Ensure latest version of all child submodules
`git submodule update --remote`
